Welcome to our project:- We are Team 7794999120

We have implemented a user interface where the client can login with their credentials. If they are new to this application, they can create an account. The client can also change their password at will. After that, the client has to give the application a passcode which is exclusive to their university. For now, we have included IIT Bombay and IIT Madras with respective passcodes for testing purpose and it is subject to change and improvements. After this, the client would get directed to a page where he can upload files of any type. Also, there is button named "Your files" which will give access to the download links of all your uploaded files. Also, there will be button for "home" in this page which will take the client to the upload/welcome page. The client can log himself out after. 

All this has been done using django for both frontend and the backend which is a python web framework.

What to expect in the future:-

For now, as the organization passcodes are fixed, a very ground level implementation has been done for them, the passcodes need to be encrypted and this will be done in the future. Right now, there are only two universities for everyone to register with, we will extend it to a bunch of unversities by providing an additional UI having University Login feature where the University admin can manage their passcodes, manage users and their activity within the university domain. We are equipped with two layer security for logging in to the webpage i.e apart from username and password authentication, we added the university passcode authentication feature ensuring no one can access forbidden files or data. Also, we will implement the "forgot password" feature, where a randomly generated OTP will be asked and then the client has to type that and if it is the right one, the webpage will be redirected to the "change password" page where he can change his password. For this, the client has to give his email while registering himself. Also, the message utilty needs to be improved. Also, finally a "Result" button will be added, which lets you download the output file which is a "csv" file or "plot" image (subject to change) which is the result of the this copy checker. The upload of a "zip" file is encouraged. Also, for now we added a basic styles for the website and it is subject to improvement.

We are yet to implement a python script which compares multiple files and produces an output csv file or a plot image (which can be changed in the future) which will be integrated into the django framework in the future. We will also create a detailed documentation for this project using "Doxygen". We are planning to implement the language specific functionality and stub code where the commented lines and some common code specified by the stub code will be ignored and make sure that our copy checker will be less prone to give false positives. We may plan to implement a terminal client, where the client can type certain commands and then asked for his user credentials and then will be able upload his files to the server which will then be processed and an output file will be generated in his current directory after one more command given by the client.


